Well, here I am to show you
make this oil firming the
tissues and specifically I'm going to
apply on the chest and good is an oil
that goes super well baleares very little
quantity we will need oil
almonds I'll put a little bit of
glycerin droplets in the glycerin the
you can find in pharmacies is very
cheap this cost me about three euros and
serves to better penetrate the
assets of the preparations and I will throw
will give a few drops and as firming
I'll put the geranium essential oil
the mint so he gave me a
toning and good smell and rosemary
well let's start doing it
well as I say I will do little
amount because as I'm going to apply
in the chest because I do not want to do
a lot of
depending on the amount you want
If you want to use it more often
do little good and if you want me to
last so much more I'm going to do more or
less so a little more
I have seen like a little finger of oil
of almonds now I will put a little trickle
of glycerin
so that I can penetrate better
is the divine is completely
transparent
as a gel I will put the actions
essential first
I'll put the geranium and like little
amount then I will put 8 drops
8 droplets
of mint where other 8 droplets
[Applause]
and rosemary
5 droplets
[Applause]
and now nothing else
close
Mix
you do not need to move it with anything but as
this this little boat as it already has cover
we mix well
and we would have prepared what I'm going to open
to wake up smells
it smells that it feeds on everything
predominates is the essential oil of mint
that will make us tonify us
fabrics next to the year cedd and next to
rosemary that activates our circulation
Well, this oil, you can see it is
very economical and works well
for both chest for arms to
do mel for culete good for all
body but I in this case as I come back
to repeat
I've only done this bit for
do me now to massages in the chest then
well I hope you liked this
oil because you ask for many oils and
good this simple now the one that I
now I have prepared myself to
tonify me and good I hope that I have
liked if you have any doubt I would
you put down and I answer you as soon as
can a kiss for all and many
Thank you
God
[Applause]